These Apple X11 drivers uses ../mi and ../mfb to support a 
single monochrome (1 bit deep) screen on the Macintosh II running A/UX.

The code in ../mfb is largely untuned, and has inferior performance.  
We recommend applying the so-called "PURDUE" enhancements to ../mfb to
obtain more satisfactory performance (these enhancements have been widely
published on the comp.windows.x Usenet mailing list and reside at many
archive sites, including expo.lcs.mit.edu, where they may be obtained by
anonymous ftp). 

Build the system by:

1)	As super-user, run the script X11R3setup.sh located in this directory.
	Now leave super-user mode.

2)	In the top-level directory, type:

	alias make "make SHELL=/bin/sh"
	make -k World >>& MakeLog

	This takes several hours.

3)	As super-user, in the top-level directory, type:

	make -k install

4)	Copy the file /usr/lib/X11/.x11start to your home directory 
	(.x11start invokes the initial clients and determines their
	positions on the screen.) .x11start attempts to use the "twm"
	window manager. twm appears in the contrib directory. You
	may choose to run another window manager (e.g. uwm) by simply
	adjusting .x11start.

5)	On the console put /usr/bin/X11, (or whatever else you may have
	chosen for BINDIR in Imake.tmpl) in your search path, and then
	start the server:

	    X11R3

6)	X11R3 should start up an xterm window named .x11start that acts as a
	console.  When this xterm terminates, the xinit will kill the server.  
	You can also start up client programs from a terminal or rlogin, 
	but be sure the DISPLAY environment variable is set:

	    setenv DISPLAY unix:0.0
	    xterm &


Many X clients assume the mouse has three buttons. The A/UX X server simulates
the middle and right mouse buttons with keystrokes -- the left-arrow key
generates middle button events, and the left-arrow key generates left button
events. -- the real mouse button generates left button events. The 
open-apple or cloverleaf key is the "Meta" modifier, Meta can also be obtained
by pressing the up-arrow key. The down-arrow key duplicates the Control key.
Meta, Control, and Shift are often used in combination with other keystrokes
or mouse clicks. For example, the terminal emulator xterm pops up menus in
response to control-left and control-middle. The original function of the
arrow keys may be obtained by holding down the Option key while pressing
one of the arrow keys.
